All right.
So now we are going to start using any of the model which is available within the llama website over
here.
And then we will see how we can run this particular model within our machine.
So in order for me to do that, I'm going to just go to uh, my hyper or terminal or any terminal that
you are really using.
And I use hyper terminal, uh, in my Mac operating system because it's quite clean and neat.
And this is one of the terminal that you can download it from the internet and then start using it as
well.
It's pretty straightforward.
Uh, and this terminal over here, I'm just going to say uh oh llama.
And if I just say list over here, it is going to list me all the models, which is available over here
the moment I run this all llama list, as you can see, there is this llama is also up and running for
me over here.
So all you have to do is you need to either run the llama first and then use the command o llama list,
which is going to show you the list of all the models which is already available within your, uh,
machine.
So that is what is the model that I have already downloaded it in my machine and it is running.
I mean, it's not running, but it is already there within my machine.
I can use this models within my machine, but if I wanted to, maybe you can see that I don't really
have the Pi for, uh, over here, this particular model.
So if I want to use this particular model, I can really use that as well.
So let's say if there is any smaller model that I can show you as a demo, probably, um, maybe.
What is this model?
Uh, this looks.
Yeah, I'm just going to download this for the demonstration purpose.
So if I want to use this particular model, like 1.8 billion parameter model, I have to just run this
command.
Oh, llama run QN1 and colon 1.8 billion.
Just copy this whole thing and paste it over here.
And if I hit enter you'll notice that pretty much like if you have used a Docker before, it is going
to download the image from Docker.
You remember from the Docker Hub.
You can download the image similarly over here in the llama, if you just do a llama run QN1 point 8
billion, it is going to go and pull the manifest first, and then it's going to start downloading the
the entire model for you within your local machine.
And you see that I have downloaded it in my local machine and once it is downloaded, it is going to
get all the metadata and everything.
And then it is going to start running because we have specified run here, you can start seeing that
this particular model can be even executed over here.
And you can start typing the command and ask the question pretty much like how you do with the ChatGPT.
So if you have the ChatGPT account, that's what you do, right?
You just go to the ChatGPT and then you're going to start asking the question over here.
The same thing is going to happen with this as well over here.
See, now you have got a prompt, uh, ready for you to type so that you can get answers.
So if I ask, like, how are you doing?
Uh, and you see that it's going to start responding.
I'm an artificial intelligence language model.
I don't have feeling in this traditional sense.
However, I'm functional, properly ready to assist any of the questions or task.
Amazing.
Great.
So that is how you actually pull, uh, A model and then run the model within your local machine.
And let's say if you want to, uh, if you're going to ask some question like write a selenium with
C-sharp dotnet code for uh, google.com, uh, website.
And if I ask this question, you see that now it is going to immediately start writing the code.
I mean, the code itself is entirely wrong.
As you can see, it is doing HTTP client, HTTP client, HTTP client, or SSL protocol.
Uh, something like that.
I don't even understand what this is writing because it's not even a selenium code, to be honest.
It's completely messed up with the selenium code.
So it's just writing, uh, is using the system dot net dot http uh package and then is writing a selenium
code from that.
It's crazy.
Like it's completely wrong code.
So this is because, as I told you, the model that we are using over here is actually a very, very
small, uh, I mean old 11.5 series, uh, from Alibaba Cloud.
And it is also having less, uh, less parameters over here.
But if I'm going to use some other models, then I will have even more, uh, even accurate answer.
Like if I use some model which has got maybe the deep sea model, and if I try to ask the same question,
things will be entirely different.
So I will quickly show you how it is going to look like if I'm going to use the deep sea model.
So if I want to quit this particular prompt, all I have to do is I want to just say by like slash by.
So it will just quit the prompt execution over here.
And now, as I told you in the Olama list, I can see all my models coming up over here.
And if I want to use any one of the other model, for instance, I have gotten deep sea r one um, uh,
8 billion parameter.
So if I want to use that.
So I'm just going to say, oh llama run.
And if I hit says space, there is going to show me all the different model that I have got.
You may not be getting this option over here within your machine, because you may need to install some
third party plugin to get this kind of answer.
If you don't get it, don't worry, you just have to do this.
Copy this entire thing from here.
Like deep sea.
And then paste it over here.
Like, uh, deep sea.
Uh, hyphen R1 8 billion.
And if I hit enter, you'll notice that because it is already downloaded in my machine, it doesn't
really download it once again, but it will start running this particular model within my local machine.
So you see that it's a big, um, model.
And it has got a lot of things to be inferred to be set up before you start inferencing.
That's the reason why taking a bit of a time while it was initiating things.
Right.
And now if I'm going to ask the same question that I asked to this, uh, model, uh, so I'm going
to just copy this whole thing and I'm going to paste it over here.
Right.
Selenium, C-sharp code for google.com website.
You see that the moment I asked this question now, because this deep seek R1 model is a, uh, reasoning
model, it is first starting to think like what it has to do.
You see that it is writing all the thinking process, um, before it Start writing the answer.
And look at that now it's writing a selenium C-sharp code for us guys.
It has thought a lot of things before it answered the question, and then it is writing the correct
selenium C-sharp code.
I am 100% sure this code, if I'm going to use it within my local Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code,
it is just going to work because the the answer is quite right and this is what you should be doing
while you use this particular model.
Um, and that's the reason why, as I told you, if you're going to be using an effective model, if
you're going to be using a hyper parameter model, then you should be using, then you should be getting
a good response as opposed to a smaller model with a lesser parameter support on that.
But as I said, this is how you can actually run a deep Sikh model or other types of model within your
local machine.
Even without even having an internet connectivity, you can run all these operations for you.
That is the power of running the local large language model using Olama.